how about eating a banana with mayo
dipping pickles and peanut butter
these food combinations do sound pretty
wild but how do they taste
well give them a try and oreos with
mustard might become your favorite dish
okay stay with me here tomatoes and
peanut butter
put several slices of tomato on a piece
of bread
and spread some peanut butter over this
sandwich or
just slather a thick layer of peanut
butter over a slice of tomato
this taste combination is surprisingly
popular with many foodies
nutella and french fries salt tends to
enhance flavors
that's why if you dip your french fries
in nutella the famous hazelnut spread
will taste sweeter and
nuttier yes the pun was intended
another way to enjoy your french fries
even more is to wash them down with
chocolate milk
banana and bacon salty crispy bacon
combined with sweet carb heavy banana
makes a perfect mix
put these ingredients on a slice of
bread add some peanut butter
voila your perfect sandwich is ready
pickles and ice cream well i admit this
combination
might not be just for everyone but there
are foodies who find this unusual mix of
salty and sweet
vinegary and milky strangely alluring
cheddar cheese and apple pie these days
you can surprise no one by serving
sliced cheese together with fresh apples
but since these products get along quite
well why don't you take it one step
further
they say the idea of adding cheddar
cheese to apple pies first appeared in
england
and after that it's spread all over the
world
french fries and honey if you want to
turn your french fries experience into
something different and more exciting
honey will do the trick its sweet flavor
will complement the fast food saltiness
no wonder some restaurants have honey
among other dipping options
banana and mayo nope by no means do i
encourage you to squeeze a healthy
dollop of mayonnaise
on a peeled banana and stuff it into
your mouth
instead try sandwiching a sliced banana
between two pieces of bread
and coat it with a bit of mayo you might
be in for a pleasant surprise
chocolate and chips this salty sweet
combination
tastes amazing no wonder chocolate
covered chips are a thing
and many brands have already added this
mix to their product lines
burger and jam these days you can order
this combo in most restaurants
and no one will think you're a weirdo
well mostly no one
more and more people choose this option
over the regular one with ketchup
popcorn and milk some unique individuals
replace breakfast cereal with popcorn
they add milk and claim that this dish
tastes no worse than its more widespread
and popular alternative
care to try white chocolate and red
caviar
they say this unlikely food combo was
created by a famous chef
he was amazed at how the salty caviar
softened the sweetness of the white
chocolate
if you're a fan of sweet salty tastes
you're going to love it
peanut butter and pickles let's say you
aren't too enthusiastic about dipping
pickles into sturdy peanut butter
then try combining these ingredients in
a sandwich
in this case the vinegary flavor of the
pickles will dilute the stickiness of
the peanut butter
watermelon and salt those who have never
tried this taste combination
often think that salt rinse watermelon
of its sweetness
but the truth is quite the opposite a
pinch of salt will only enhance the
flavor
mango and chili pepper if you're a spicy
food lover this combination might catch
your fancy
you can sprinkle some hot chili pepper
on a sliced mango
and enjoy the bird peanut butter and
bacon
remember that banana and bacon combo
it's time to replace the banana with
some peanut butter
its smoothness will contrast with the
crispiness of the bacon
careful you might get addicted fast
ice cream and hot sauce the most
effective way to put out the fire caused
by spicy food in your mouth
is to drink some milk then why not step
it up a notch
drizzle some spicy sauce over your
vanilla ice cream
to please your adventurous soul
chocolate and avocado it's not only
about adding a bit of chocolate to your
avocado toast
you can also make a mouth-watering
avocado and chocolate milkshake
then the buttery texture of avocado will
perfectly complement the flavor of
chocolate
burger and peanut butter
burgers with jam are more of a sweet
meat salty combination
but burgers with peanut butter are a
salt with more salt kind of situation
but instead of spreading melted peanut
butter all over your burger
you have to add it while making beef
patties and your burgers are bound to
become
juicier oreos and mustard
those who have tried this food combo
promise that the flavors go with each
other amazingly well
scratch away an oreo cookie frosting and
replace it with german mustard
you won't regret it peanut butter and
mayo while it's one of the most bizarre
combinations you can imagine in a
sandwich
it has a long history people started to
mix peanut butter rich in proteins
and mayo full of fats during tough times
but later the sandwich stuck around once
people realized it was
actually delicious pizza and honey
hot honey can make an unexpected but
undeniably
awesome pizza topping for example it's a
great way to balance the excessive
amount of salt coming with
let's say pepperoni so if you cook pizza
at home
put some pepperoni and peppers on top of
it then coat it with honey
you can thank me later olive oil and ice
cream
to get a mega delicious salty sweet
combo
sprinkle some olive oil and a bit of sea
salt on the top of your vanilla ice
cream
really go for it peanut butter and
sriracha
yet another unexpected combination of
two seemingly
incompatible ingredients but in fact the
sweet aftertaste of sriracha
will make the sticky peanut butter taste
more interesting
and the butter in turn will take the
edge off the sriracha's spiciness
green apples and salsa you might have
tried mangoes or
pineapples mixed with salsa sauce but
then why should it be any different with
green apples
their slightly sour taste is perfect for
spicy dishes
it does offset some heat but at the same
time
their flavor adds a strong and a bit
bitter taste to the mix
strawberries and balsamic this is a
tried-and-true
italian combination that works amazingly
well
the savoriness of the vinegar makes
strawberries taste sweeter
it also complements their juicy nature
watermelon and feta no classic greek
salad can go without
feta but this cheese can taste no worse
when you combine it with fruit
watermelon in particular the dense
structure and saltiness of feta will add
extra flavor to the juicy red goodness
peanut butter jelly and goldfish
crackers sandwich
now peanut butter and jam have long been
a classic
but why goldfish crackers true foodies
know that this
component fills in all the remaining
gaps your sandwich gets a satisfying
crunch
it becomes more savory and the crackers
are just
salty enough to balance the sweetness of
the jelly
basil and strawberry i've already
mentioned the benefits of mixing
strawberries with balsamic vinegar
but strawberries and basil are just as
good you can test this combination while
making lemonades and other drinks
basil and strawberry frozen yogurt taste
just as delicious
pickle brine and chicken cooking chicken
in pickle brine
helps keep the meat juicy at the same
time this method preserves the natural
flavor of poultry meat
another benefit you don't need to use
salt in the process
the brine is already salty enough
hummus and dried cranberries after
dipping your cracker and hummus
top it with several dried cranberries
they make a world of difference by
adding a tiny bit of tang